# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --dev --no-hashes
-e .
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astroid==3.3.9
    # via pylint
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
backrefs==5.8
    # via mkdocs-material
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
black==25.1.0
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via mkdocs-material
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cairocffi
    #   pyzmq
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   ray
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   griffe
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.8.0
    # via pytest-cov
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via cairosvg
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
deep-forest==0.1.7
    # via scikit-longitudinal
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   nbconvert
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via ray
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via scikit-longitudinal
griffe==1.7.3
    # via mkdocstrings-python
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
htmlmin2==0.1.13
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   deep-forest
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-lexicographical-trees
    #   scikit-longitudinal
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via mkdocs-minify-plugin
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via scikit-longitudinal
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.17.1
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
liac-arff==2.5.0
    # via scikit-longitudinal
markdown==3.8
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-callouts==0.4.0
markdown-exec==1.10.3
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via scikit-longitudinal
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-coverage
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-minify-plugin
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.4.1
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-coverage==1.1.0
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin==1.4.5
mkdocs-jupyter==0.25.1
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.2
mkdocs-material==9.6.12
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-minify-plugin==0.8.0
mkdocstrings==0.29.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.16.10
    # via mkdocstrings
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via ray
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.4.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   deep-forest
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-lexicographical-trees
    #   scikit-longitudinal
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   scikit-longitudinal
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   jupytext
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   ray
    #   statsmodels
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   scikit-longitudinal
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs-material
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via ray
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pylint==3.3.6
pymdown-extensions==10.15
    # via
    #   markdown-exec
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.3.5
    # via pytest-cov
pytest-cov==6.1.1
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
    #   pandas
pywin32==310; platform_system=="Windows"
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.15; platform_system=="Windows"
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   ray
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
ray==2.45.0
    # via scikit-longitudinal
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   ray
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via scikit-longitudinal
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.8
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via deep-forest
scikit-lexicographical-trees==0.0.4
    # via scikit-longitudinal
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   deep-forest
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-lexicographical-trees
    #   scikit-longitudinal
    #   statsmodels
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via scikit-longitudinal
stopit==1.1.2
    # via scikit-longitudinal
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-lexicographical-trees
    #   scikit-longitudinal
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupytext
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   astroid
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   black
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   mkdocstrings-python
    #   pylint
    #   python-json-logger
    #   referencing
    #   rich
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
